New uploader widget (#252)
uploadcare/pyuploadcare: HISTORY.md

Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project
adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Unreleased 5.0.0

In version 5.0, we introduce a new [file uploader](https://uploadcare.com/docs/file-uploader/), which is now the default for Django projects. If you prefer to continue using the old jQuery-based widget, you can enable it by setting the `use_legacy_widget` option in your configuration:

```python
UPLOADCARE = {
    ...,
    "use_legacy_widget": True,
    "legacy_widget": {
        "version": "3.x",
    }
}
```

It's important to mention that these changes only apply to Django projects, and there are no breaking changes for non-Django projects.

> Additionally, please take note that some settings have been renamed in this update (see the next section).

Reviewer: Maybe put it under the "breaking changes" subtitle?

Author: I really think this belongs to the summary.

## Unreleased 5.0.0

> In version 5.0, we introduce a new [file uploading widget](https://uploadcare.com/products/file-uploader/), also known as [@uploadcare/blocks](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@uploadcare/blocks), which is now the default for Django projects. If you prefer to continue using the old jQuery-based widget, you can enable it by setting the `legacy_widget` option in your configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In version 5.0, we introduce a new [file uploader](https://uploadcare.com/docs/file-uploader/), which is now the default for Django projects. If you prefer to continue using the old jQuery-based widget, you can enable it by setting the `legacy_widget` option in your configuration:
```
